Adjust read me (#25)
bandprotocol/go-owasm: README.md

## Project structure

This repository contains code written in both Rust and Go. The Rust code is compiled to produce a library (`.dylib`, `.so`, `.a`). This library is then linked via cgo and encapsulated within Go. The build process involves compiling the Rust code into a C library and subsequently linking that library with the Go code. Additionally, pre-compiled libraries are included, facilitating users to import the package and directly utilize the library.

### libgo_owasm

The `./libgo_owasm` directory contains Rust code, which is compiled into a library compatible with cgo, thereby enabling its usage within Golang. Please refer to the instructions for compiling it [here](#compile-shared-and-static-libraries).

### api

The `./api` directory, section comprises Go code that interfaces with the library from [libgo_owasm](#libgo_owasm). It also incorporates the pre-compiled libraries within the folder.

### build

The `./build` directory contains scripts and docker files for building the library from Rust code.

### .github

The `./github` directory, section contains GitHub Action code that aids in testing, building libraries, and releasing packages.

## Development

> If you make updates to owasm-vm or the Rust code, it's imperative to [generate bindings.sh](#generate-bindingsh-for-go) and [compile libraries](#compile-shared-and-static-libraries) to update the compiled library within the project, thereby ensuring the go-owasm package incorporates the latest version of the Owasm-vm library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you make updates to owasm-vm or the Rust code, it's essential to [generate bindings.sh](#generate-bindingsh-for-go) and [compile libraries](#compile-shared-and-static-libraries) to update the compiled library within the project, thereby ensuring the go-owasm package incorporates the latest version of the Owasm-vm library.
```

### Generate bindings.h for go

```sh
cd libgo_owasm && cargo build --release
```

### Compile shared and static libraries

> Currently, you can build libraries on Linux and OS X with x86_64 architecture only. However, if you are working on a platform that is not currently supported, you can push code into GitHub. Then, GitHub Action will help to test, compile the library, and push it to your branch.

Reviewer 2: will help testing and compiling the library, then push it to your branch

Author: updated

> Currently, libraries can be built on Linux and OS X with x86_64 architecture only. However, if you're operating on an unsupported platform, you can push the code to GitHub. Subsequently, GitHub Actions will facilitate testing, compiling the library, and pushing it to your branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the libraries can only be built on Linux and OS X using x86_64 architecture. If you are operating on an unsupported platform, you can push the code to GitHub to trigger a suite of GitHub Actions which will test and  compile the library for you.
```

> You can use the below commands to generate libraries for Linux (x86_64) and OS X (x86_64 and aarch64).

Reviewer 2: commands below

Author: updated

> You can use the commands below to generate libraries for Linux (x86_64) and OS X (x86_64 and aarch64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the commands below to build the libraries on Linux (x86_64) and OS X (x86_64 and aarch64).
```

Reviewer: please fix inconsistency on aarch64 here and in the statement prior.

```sh
# Run test
cd libgo_owasm && cargo test

> # Build docker images that are used to compile the Rust code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build docker images used to compile the Rust code
```

make docker-images

> # Run those docker images to build libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run the docker images to build the libraries
```
